DOCS-639 - Playbooks text area enhancement (#5023)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/platform-services/automation-service/automation-service-playbooks.md

}
```

## Handling arrays in playbooks

>  An array is a group of related data values that are grouped. When you are handling output from a playbook action, you may want to treat the entire array as a single item you want to pass to the next action, or you may want to treat each element in the array as a separate item. In playbooks you can do either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array is a collection of related data values grouped together. When you are handling output from a playbook action, you may want to treat the entire array as a single item you want to pass to the next action, or you may want to treat each element in the array as a separate item. In playbooks you can do either.
```
